for the second day in a row Israeli
warplanes pound the Gaza Strip missiles
have flattened several homes and
apartment
buildings Nadia sh was having breakfast
with her family of 10 when she heard
neighbors calling for the evacuation of
their home and others nearby her home
and four others were destroyed now she
and her family need to find somewhere
else to take refuge
I ran away quickly we all ran we didn't
take any clothes or belongings I took my
girls they are ill and some people had
to carry our old man on a stretcher out
of the house
quickly Islamic Jihad replied to the
attacks firing Rockets towards Israel
the group called their operation fields
of unity and say they targeted Israeli
towns and Military
sites according to Israeli media most
were intercepted by the Iron Dome
missile defense system and no serious
casualties were
reported Israel says it is preparing for
a week of
operations Egypt and the United Nations
are trying to Brer truth but in the Gaza
Strip the human toll remains
severe Israeli missiles targeted a
civilian car in the bit hanon refugee
camp umed a 73-year-old who was
preparing for her son's wedding was
killed in the attack Health officials
say the numbers will only rise if the
fighting continues you know now they are
attacking civilians they attacking
premises resident areas nobody knows
what will happen in the coming few hours
for that reason this is an appeal in
fact that to extend the helping hand
immediately to Ministry of helping has a
strip right now and you know of course
the electricity we have shortage of
electricity it's declared now that will
be only 4 hours a day and 12 hours of
cut of electricity this means that we
will rely in the hospitals on generators
generators will consume like half
million liters every month we do not
have this fuel right now look at our
skies this is what we have in Gaza
nobody knows what will happen in the
coming mons the last war has caused a
widespread of Devastation here in the
Gaza Strip a year later almost no Recon
Destruction has been made the isolated
Coastal territory is impoverished and
the people are hardly recovering they
fear of another round of escalation yum
aljazera Gaza City